hey guys it's Roscoe with parts people
in this video I'm going to show you how
to remove the battery on an XPS 15 l5 21
X if you're looking for this battery go
to parts people calm and use this 5%
discount coupon turn the laptop over
remove the screws open the cover plate
remove the screws and snap the bottom
base and turn it over unplug the cable
unplug the cable remove the three screws
lift the battery out of the laptop
looking for something else check out
these other XPS 15 l5 21 X tutorials
if you enjoyed this tutorial go ahead
and like the video and subscribe to our
YouTube channel check out parts people
comm where we have hundreds of tutorials
and hundreds of thousands of parts thank
you for using parts people for your
video tutorials